Hahahaha
16 languages
It's ridiculous
Qin Feng's wife is such an advanced robot
Only two languages.
You can master 16 kinds of second-hand splashing models.
Who are you asking?
You are a robot
How is it possible to communicate skillfully with people?
Can't do it
How could he possibly do it?
police
You're not very good at developing robots.
The bragging skills are first-class.
No wonder your country's technology is so backward.
It's all because of people like you.
This wicked man is trapped
After passing the people's livelihood, it is corrupted by such people
And what's even worse is this.
This brat
Let this second-hand model
Walk in through that door
You really think we're fools.
Thought they could scare us
It's just programmed.
Did you see that?
After the investment
And the model never does anything.
Isn't it the set procedure?
If you have the ability, you can make this robot do a dance?
How hard is it?
Xiaoxue
Forget it, brother-in-law
How can a robot dance?
It cannot be designed by others.
We have to make it work.
Will you stop bragging?
Just get out of here, get out of here
Get out get out get out
Get out, get out, get out, get out
Xiaoxue
Can you stand them telling us to get out?
Master, you finally let me speak
I can't stand this group of people for a long time
Just this crap or artificial intelligence
I think it's artificial mental retardation
Ahhhh!